Luke 2

People who saw angels
Zechariah, Mary, shepherds (probably 3)
Also Joseph although not recorded in Luke (Matthew 1)

Had revelations from the Holy Spirit
Simeon

Gifts of prophesy
Anna


If 5 people have already had experiences with Holy forces in these two chapters of the Bible (and there may be more since we know Joseph was left out) is it not plausible that experiences such as these are common? 


I want to become the good soldier, the good warrior. I want to fight for good, to fight for joy. There is a force within me that wants to choose evil. In order to become the good warrior I have to control this evil force. A force that tells me to cheat, to lie, to lust, to curse. The good warrior loves all people and loves all circumstances. The good warrior is not your average man because the average man cannot control his evil. The good warrior encourages, loves, helps, and serves/focuses on others because he finds his confidence in God. He needs not serve himself, bring attention to himself, because there is no hole to be filled. He feels nothing from praise and nothing from criticism because he knows his identity in God. He fights temptations in fierce battles, through quoting scripture, thoughtful tactics, and help from allies. He is not perfect but expresses his vulnerablities so that everyone can see he is a man despite his many God-like qualities. His allies love him, but his enemies hate him, because he has a heart of pure love.

The evil soldier cares only of himself. He can care for others but only so much as that it in the long run helps himself. He is weak when standing next to a good soldier since good is what the heart desires, but he is strong when one cannont find good. He lies, he lusts, but he has lots of fun. He is the prime example of the difference in joy and pleasure. He has fun but has no joy. He is enticing, alluring. People want some of him but not all, but he doesn't let go once he latches on. He is the epitome of pride and self-caring. 


I need to get stronger. I am weak. This is my first good workout in a couple of weeks. Need to get on a good routine and then maybe hit two-a-days, reading in the mornings and praying at night. I have not been finding love in all circumstances. I have not been joyful around others when it does not come easily. I don't want perfection - I want the best me.
